With mixed feelings, I want to share that I have accepted a new role in WebXT – Content Service team. The start day is Monday, July 26th. 

My journey in this team started almost 3 years ago. At the very beginning of Re-org, I used to worry a lot —— what’s the future of ODINML ? how will my career path be impacted ? But after several rounds of syncing up with Jane and Vincent. I settled myself down and focused on my features. Till today, ODINML has been running a critical role for many Data Scientists, it runs bigger, faster and smarter than ever, which is exact the vision I’ve been told. As to my career path, I also got many chances to grow,  skills on many aspects —— like Coding, Design, Communicating and Leadership. For some tough issues, Managers’ guide and support also made me in my element doing my job. Looking back, I would say that now I grow up a stronger Data Engineer than before, which you could extrapolate manager’s care from my experience.

It has been an incredible experience and I feel lucky to have been a member of big ODIN family. All the memorable experience, and all the people I have had the opportunity to work with —— those technical & design discussions and great Morale events —— are my precious memory.  THANK YOU for the great memories and the learning opportunities. 

Now, I decided to listen to my true mind and consolidated my interest to sail for a new direction —— Data Analysis. The good news is that my new journey is still Data-related, I have a vision that in the future we may collaborate again on some scenarios. 

Let’s stay in touch,  stay connected. 😊

Thanks !

